Image Processing: Improve sentence and fix code sample (#2314)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/content-management/image-processing/index.md

: Regular expression matching the EXIF tags to include in the `.Tags` collection. Default is&nbsp;`""`. To include all available tags, set this value to&nbsp;`".*"`.

{{% note %}}

> Performance will improve and cache size decrease, if you set neither `excludeFields` nor `includeFields`. Hugo excludes the following tags: `ColorSpace`, `Contrast`, `Exif`, `Exposure[M|P|B]`, `Flash`, `GPS`, `JPEG`, `Metering`, `Resolution`, `Saturation`, `Sensing`, `Sharp`, and `WhiteBalance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance and decrease cache size, Hugo excludes the following tags: `ColorSpace`, `Contrast`, `Exif`, `Exposure[M|P|B]`, `Flash`, `GPS`, `JPEG`, `Metering`, `Resolution`, `Saturation`, `Sensing`, `Sharp`, and `WhiteBalance`.

To control tag availability, change the `excludeFields` or `includeFields` settings as described above.
```

> Performance will improve and cache size decrease, if you set neither `excludeFields` nor `includeFields`. Hugo excludes the following tags: `ColorSpace`, `Contrast`, `Exif`, `Exposure[M|P|B]`, `Flash`, `GPS`, `JPEG`, `Metering`, `Resolution`, `Saturation`, `Sensing`, `Sharp`, and `WhiteBalance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance and decrease cache size, Hugo excludes the following tags: `ColorSpace`, `Contrast`, `Exif`, `Exposure[M|P|B]`, `Flash`, `GPS`, `JPEG`, `Metering`, `Resolution`, `Saturation`, `Sensing`, `Sharp`, and `WhiteBalance`.

To control tag availability, change the `excludeFields` or `includeFields` settings as described above.
```
